{{indexmenu_n>1}}

#### 快速开始

\#\# UCloud CLI

\!\[\](<https://ucloud-cli.dl.ufileos.com/ucloud_cli_demo.gif>)

The UCloud CLI provides a unified command line interface to UCloud
services. It works on Golang SDK based on UCloud OpenAPI and supports
Linux, macOS and Windows.

Repository: <https://github.com/ucloud/ucloud-cli>

\#\# Installing ucloud-cli

**Using Homebrew(Preferred)**

The \[Homebrew\](<https://docs.brew.sh/Installation>) package manager
may be used on macOS, Linux and Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). It
could install ucloud-cli and its dependencies automatically by running
command below.

\`\`\` $ brew install ucloud \`\`\`

If you have installed ucloud-cli already and want to upgrade to the
latest version, just run:

\`\`\` $ brew upgrade ucloud \`\`\`

If you come across some errors during the installation via homebrew,
please update the homebrew first and try again.

\`\`\` $ brew update \`\`\`

If the error is still unresolved, try the following command for help.

\`\`\` $ brew doctor \`\`\`

**Building from source**

If you have installed git and golang on your platform, you can fetch the
source code of ucloud cli from github and complie it by yourself.

\`\`\` $ git clone <https://github.com/ucloud/ucloud-cli.git> $ cd
ucloud-cli $ make install \`\`\`

**Downloading binary release**

Vist the \[Releases
page\](<https://github.com/ucloud/ucloud-cli/releases>) of ucloud cli,
and find the appropriate archive for your operating system and
architecture. Download the archive , check the shasum256 hashcode and
extract it to your $PATH

For example \`\`\` curl -OL
<https://github.com/ucloud/ucloud-cli/releases/download/0.1.14/ucloud-cli-macosx-0.1.14-amd64.tgz>
echo "6953232b20f3474973cf234218097006a2e0d1d049c115da6c0e09c103762d4d
\*ucloud-cli-macosx-0.1.14-amd64.tgz" | shasum -c tar zxf
ucloud-cli-macosx-0.1.14-amd64.tgz -C /usr/local/bin/ \`\`\`

\#\# Enabling Shell Auto-Completion

UCloud CLI also has auto-completion support. It can be set up so that if
you partially type a command and then press TAB, the rest of the command
is automatically filled in.

**Bash shell**

Add following scripts to \~/.bash\_profile or \~/.bashrc

\`\`\` complete -C $(which ucloud) ucloud \`\`\`

**Zsh shell**

Add following scripts to \~/.zshrc

\`\`\` autoload -U +X bashcompinit && bashcompinit complete -F $(which
ucloud) ucloud \`\`\` Zsh builtin command bashcompinit may not work on
some platform. If the scripts don't work on your OS, try following
scripts \`\`\` \_ucloud() {

``` 
      read -l;
      local cl="$REPLY";
      read -ln;
      local cp="$REPLY";
      reply=(`COMP_SHELL=zsh COMP_LINE="$cl" COMP_POINT="$cp" ucloud`)
```

}

compctl -K \_ucloud ucloud \`\`\`

\#\# Setup configuration

Run the command below to get started and configure ucloud-cli. The
private key and public key will be saved automatically and locally to
directory \~/.ucloud. You can delete the directory whenever you want.

\`\`\` $ ucloud init \`\`\`

To reset the configurations, run:

\`\`\` $ ucloud config \`\`\`

For more information, run:

\`\`\` $ ucloud config --help \`\`\`

\#\# For example

I want to create a uhost in Nigeria (region: air-nigeria) and bind a
public IP, and then configure GlobalSSH to accelerate efficiency of SSH
service beyond China mainland.

Firstly, create an uhost instance:

\`\`\` $ ucloud uhost create --cpu 1 --memory 1 --password \*\*\*\*
--image-id uimage-fya3qr

uhost\[uhost-zbuxxxx\] is initializing...done \`\`\`

\*Note\*

Run command below to get details about the parameters of creating new
uhost instance.

\`\`\` $ ucloud uhost create --help \`\`\`

Secondly, we're going to allocate an EIP and then bind it to the uhost
created above.

\`\`\` $ ucloud eip allocate --line International --bandwidth 1 allocate
EIP\[eip-xxx\] IP:106.75.xx.xx Line:BGP

$ ucloud eip bind --eip-id eip-xxx --resource-id uhost-xxx bind
EIP\[eip-xxx\] with uhost\[uhost-xxx\] \`\`\`

Configure the GlobalSSH to the uhost instance and login the instance via
GlobalSSH

\`\`\` $ ucloud gssh create --location Washington --target-ip
152.32.140.92 gssh\[uga-0psxxx\] created

$ ssh root@152.32.140.92.ipssh.net root@152.32.140.92.ipssh.net's
password: password of the uhost instance \`\`\`
